Created KITTI dataset for segmentation in autonomous driving scenario (#2730)
open-mmlab/mmsegmentation: projects/kitti_step_dataset/README.md

```

| Method    | Backbone | Crop Size | Lr schd | Mem (GB) | Inf time (fps) |  mIoU | mIoU(ms+flip) | config                                                                 | model                                                                                                                                                                                                    | log                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| --------- | -------- | --------- | ------: | -------- | -------------- | ----: | ------------: | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | Segformer | MIT-B5   | 368x368   |  160000 | -        | -              | 65.05 |             - | [config](configs/segformer/segformer_mit-b5_368x368_160k_kittistep.py) | [model](https://openmmlab-share.oss-cn-hangzhou.aliyuncs.com/mmsegmentation/v0.5/segformer/segformer_mit-b5_368x368_160k_kittistep/segformer_mit-b5_368x368_160k_kittistep_20230506_103002-20797496.pth) | [log](https://openmmlab-share.oss-cn-hangzhou.aliyuncs.com/mmsegmentation/v0.5/segformer/segformer_mit-b5_368x368_160k_kittistep/segformer_mit-b5_368x368_160k_kittistep_20230506_103002.log.json) |

Reviewer: Might use 'https://download.openmmlab/com/xxx'

# KITTI STEP Dataset

Support **`KITTI STEP Dataset`**

## Description

Author: TimoK93

This project implements **`KITTI STEP Dataset`**

### Dataset preparing

After registration, the data images could be download from [KITTI-STEP](http://www.cvlibs.net/datasets/kitti/eval_step.php)

> You may need to follow the following structure for dataset preparation after downloading iSAID dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may need to follow the following structure for dataset preparation after downloading KITTI-STEP dataset.
```
